We present the following tips to keep your skin healthy and smooth looking.Excessive cleaning can cause excessive fat loss in the outer layers of the skin and cause dermatitis or dry skin.Drink a lot of waterYour body loses water throughout the day. Therefore, you need to at least make up for what you are losing, for which you need to drink two to three liters a day. Water helps the body to function as much as possible (two thirds of our body is water) and makes your skin smoother and fresher.Do exercisesSkin elasticity and tone are lost with age. You can maintain the firmness of your skin by exercising regularly. Moderate exercise such as yoga can be just as beneficial as more vigorous muscle exercise.When you exercise, you increase blood flow to your skin, which means that it is getting optimal nutrients and vitamins. On the other hand, exercise tones the muscles, which helps shape the skin.Shiny skinCleaning the skin is the best way to prevent infections and body odor. Most soaps, facial cleansers, shower gels and products of this type have been previously tested to ensure they do not cause irritation or allergic reactions.However, over-cleaning can cause excessive fat loss in the outermost layers of the skin and cause dermatitis or exacerbate dry skin.Cleaning skinUse a dry brush to gently scrub your skin to remove dead cells that can damage your skin. Do not brush your skin if you have cuts, wounds, or if you suffer from skin conditions such as eczema or psoriasis, as brushing will only worsen these conditions.Moisturizing skinMoisturizing your skin daily will help keep it smooth by increasing moisture levels. Skin has different needs depending on age and skin type, so if you are not sure which is best for you, it is recommended that you consult with a pharmacist.Sun protectionSkin cancer poses the greatest risk from prolonged sun exposure. The best preventive measures consist of moderation and protection. Avoid overexposure to the sun, and use a sunscreen with a sun protection factor.Reapplying sunscreen is recommended, especially after sweating or taking a bath. Excessive sun exposure can exacerbate skin problems such as eczema.

